Sorry ma'am
I shouldn't yawn at your thoughts
You jerk
What are you talking about being domineering for?
I chose the clothes myself.
Why did you spill your shoes on him?
Master, don't get rich
Is it all my confidence?
Bastard I'll kill you
Tell you
People like you never feel wrong
Xiaomei unless you believe me
By the way, monitoring
The surveillance must have seen it, it's all him directing and acting
The surveillance in our store is broken and scrapped.
They must have seen
Is this person crushing me?
Interesting
Yes, I see.
When did the president become so nosy?
Xiaobei, just look at me and say it
They all hate self-directing and acting, I mean
OK
For him
Right? The pig?
Ah yes yes yes yes
Pardon me?